# Shaping

[Shaping Pre-Development](Shaping%2075640a92a1374809b235f5abc7529459/Shaping%20Pre-Development%2099a5737a7920468a8684f1969b14833a.md)

[Modeling](Shaping%2075640a92a1374809b235f5abc7529459/Modeling%205ae5238108c04a94989f574199a457b1.md)

**Info:** The definition of the idea and surveys of this phase can be found in**:** [Shaping Pre-Development](Shaping%2075640a92a1374809b235f5abc7529459/Shaping%20Pre-Development%2099a5737a7920468a8684f1969b14833a.md). This documentation below is a summary of the discussion in the cited file.

## **Applied Shaping: The Shaped Structure**

Our Application Shaping process started right after the R&D Modeling stage, where the processes were raised. We start with the last step in this process: the high-fidelity prototype.

During the research and development of the layouts, some adjustments were identified regarding the need for a more elaborate agenda to which in the future create an analysis of these customers and the month.

Monitoring the results over time proved to be essential to adjust the tools with the client, given their prior knowledge of the subject and needs.

Além disto, por ser um sistema de agendamento Web, o Gestor deveria contar com diversas análises para gerar insights de crescimento do Petshop, após criada a parte de emissão de notas.

**Scheduling Moment**

In the link below, there is a low-fidelity prototype, which was restructured according to new surveys that had been addressed in the [R&D](R&D%2063925d9f526f4661a97608d4373460c7.md).  The scheduling flow is described according to the new business rules [Modeling](Shaping%2075640a92a1374809b235f5abc7529459/Modeling%205ae5238108c04a94989f574199a457b1.md) 

**Service Moment**

In the link below, there is a low-fidelity prototype, which was restructured according to new surveys that had been addressed in the [R&D](R&D%2063925d9f526f4661a97608d4373460c7.md).  The web service flow is described according to the new business rule.

The dynamics for the initial version of the applications will be simple:

- Customer Moment: Perform a login, notification and data input.
- Bakcend Moment: Perform all application control aiming to be the fastest and most fluid to the user.
- Moment Analysis: Use the databases provided to generate insights into the model to be used for prediction.

The first stage of the project is intended only for the preparation of the environment.

---