# Pre-Development R&D

This phase represents the beginning of the project and has 3 main objectives:

- Immerse the team in the context of the project and its audience through surveys and interviews;
- Define what the project's objectives will be;
- Define the metrics that will be used to measure the results.

---

## Moments

1º **Kickoff meeting**

3 Distinct needs forming a complete environment for the use of Customers.

2º **Self-analysis (immersion in culture)**

At this stage, conversations were created on WhatsApp and Discord to collect information regarding usage and what is expected given the customer's use. As well as consulting applications related to Fire Monitoring, to check style and information that can transform data into knowledge

A conversation was held with the team, which proposed an application containing a notification approach.

A product like this has not been found on the market.

3º **Context Research (Market and competitors)**

In the current market, a complete tool for burning analysis was not found, the players involved are usually large companies that sell products. There are also developers who create APIs, to create communication between more than one different tool.

4º **Understanding the public**

The public present is the team itself, as it has already done several researches on the area, and raised all these technical debts of agility.

5º **Sum Up and Analysis of Information**

Every discussion above generated a Citizen Science interaction tool.

6º **Presentation of results**

There was a first prototype presentation that marked the end of the R&D phase and the beginning of the Shaping phase. Where the result was presented to the client and interested parties in order to collect feedback for the Shaping phase. So it was also seen the need to redo the application idea, not changing the functionality or business, but adding more features necessary for the application's utilities.

---

## References

[Na prática: A metodologia Olympus para desenvolvimento de projetos de software](https://olympus.pingback.com/p/na-pratica-a-metodologia-olympus-para-desenvolvimento-de-projetos-de-software)